Are you hurting him? What are you doing to me?
Sir, you are the Jiang Clan's production case,
We have always taken one step forward in the past, but today it is just one step forward.
That's fine, considering that you have been with me for many years,
Deal with your daughter now, and then leave her to Mr. Chen.
With some help, maybe,
Still a little angry.
Master, we think you are from an old alley,
Can't you see what's going on?
Now I, the Ye family, take advantage of Lord Luo to serve the entire Jiang clan.
Kazuto can't throw it away, Kazuto wants to deal with me,
If you forget to do it, you will not be swept away.
Master, I am Meng Meng Meng Meng Meng Meng,
My family has loved you for so many years
What are you scolding for?
But you just wanted to give this trash
Report to the savior
Just like my Mo family is famous in Jiangdong
Unfortunately this is not enough
What a pity
Now we have become my big business
You and I are not a team
Just team up with Mr. Luo
Just listen to my family's teamwork
You're just doing it all
This is all about me and you
The trade of the dead brings forth a thousand kings
among its pieces
Okay, sir, take action
take them down
Since you have a cold, you should be filled with heavenly fire.
You'd better commit suicide